Serve cloud_first memory against the hosted API (#801)
usercise/spelunk: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

- **`mode = "cloud_first"` now serves memory against the hosted API, not only a
  self-hosted spelunk-server.** Remote agents need a project whose memory has no
  local store at all, because running a full index before each session is not
  feasible for them. The two peers expose different memory routes, so which
  dialect to speak is settled once, when the backend opens, by reading the
  capability list `/v1/health` already advertises: a peer that offers SSE
  streaming is the hosted API, and anything else, including a probe that times
  out, is unreachable, or answers without a capability list, is treated as a
  self-hosted server. That fallback means a self-hosted deployment takes exactly
  the code path it took before, and gains no new way to fail when the backend
  opens.

  Against the hosted API, listing and searching share one route distinguished by
  a query parameter, entry counts come from the total the list route already
  computes, archiving is a `DELETE`, and supersession is expressed as a batch
  edge. Harvest's duplicate check filters client-side, since the hosted API has

>   no `source_commit` filter: correct, but proportional to the size of the
>   project rather than an indexed lookup.
> 
>   `project_id` may be a slug or a UUID against either peer for every memory
>   operation, including `spelunk memory show` and `spelunk memory archive`.

Author: This entry is much too long, please tighten up to a paragraph or less. Suggestion: 

```suggestion
- **`mode = "cloud_first"` now serves memory against the hosted API, not only a
  self-hosted spelunk-server.** 

  `project_id` may be a slug or a UUID against either peer for every memory
  operation, including `spelunk memory show` and `spelunk memory archive`.
```

Author: Applied in `92856ac`, your suggestion as written.

Nothing is lost by cutting it: the dialect-detection rule and the client-side harvest filtering cost both already live in the `docs/memory.md` section this PR adds, which is where someone looks them up. The changelog only needed to say the capability exists and how `project_id` behaves.

Only the CHANGELOG changed, so no code gates were re-run. The diff hygiene checks (tracker references, em-dashes, trailing whitespace) are clean.

One thing I did **not** touch, since you flagged one entry and I would rather ask than trim prose uninvited: the `### Changed` entry just below, on ids becoming opaque, is nine lines and the same shape. If it reads long to you too, the `--format json` paragraph is the load-bearing half, since it is the only part that tells an existing user whether their scripts break. Say the word and I will cut it to that.

(Apologies for the noise: I posted this reply in the `wire.rs` thread first by mistake. Ignore that copy, this is the right thread.)

---
_Generated by [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code)_
